"Anything that I heard, myself, he is this and this and that things. But in life story, that he
wrote,
"Apravad, Aprah, he entered Mahabharata, I tried to read, he is not occupied, but he still needs to
walk."
He said that when he was around maybe a few months after a few months, he was born and he was so
sick.
Baby was so sick and my parents and then our grandparents were very much worried, worried he was
going to die.
And particularly the grandfather, the mother's father, our grandfather was really worried about the
baby that he was going to die.
So at that time, very renowned Lama, who comes to our area from the north, maybe two or three days
journey,
by horse he comes and in our area he is considering the region of the group and mass of sword,
everyone's sword devoted.
His name is Sabra. So then, our grandparents, family invited him to their house and asked to bless
the baby. So they worried, they said, "We worried, he is maybe going to die, he is so sick."
So this Lama held up, picked up the baby and hold in his hand for a few minutes.
And then he handed it back, back to the grandfather, the mother's side father's grandfather.
He said, "This old makwa cannot die easily. This grandfather will kill them."
And he said, "What that means, great master." He said, "What that means?" He said, "He can be re-
examination or emanation of the nukin."
So this great master said to grandfather, "Father." So that is really our soul in his books.
And then, also in the continent, when he was 83 or 4 years old, he always felt he was protected by
big, big, long hair makwa.
Makwa, backside, he really felt, he said that he always felt one makwa's long hair standing back
side of him.
And he feels always he had that. So that is really what the mukwa continued to say on his
autobiography.
But otherwise, I never really heard anything he's saying, any of those things.
And then some other Lamaks said, "Oh, he can be decent," that thing.
Some people said, "But you don't really pay too much attention on those things."
Generally, he was still dead.
And then, two years ago, we were searching the reincarnation of the hand, and then this great
teacher in a perform.
Now, to me, many of you know that he came to it by Masang.
And he mentioned, because when he was searching, he was looking for the dreams and the divinations
and all that.
So when he found this baby, and just around that time, so many dreams came.
And that looks like the indicating of the previous emanations of the Kichir Rinpoche.
So many emanations.
And then he said, in India, he was a great master of Lalita. Lalita, great master of Lalita.
That was the Napatami Rinpoche. He was in the Indian Indian time, a great master of Lalipas.
In Tibet, he was a great master of the Parthi Ishii.
Parthi Ishii was also one of the teachers of the Napti Sanghi Ishii. Sanghi is very famous, famous
Parthi Ishii.
And then in Keshasi, Keshasi is coming, he is a Guru Jamsi, one of the Kesamists and owners of Guru
Jamsi.
So those are these great Nampatami Rinpoche, really recognized and he announced it.
So that's it. Those I know.
[BLANK_AUDIO]